DEVPROD-13512: Disable task generation in Genny. (#1284)
mongodb/genny: docs/using.md

> ### What is AutoRun?

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to modify the header to include the deprecation as well:

```suggestion
### What was AutoRun?
```

> AutoRun was a utility to allow workload authors to determine scheduling of their workloads without having to commit to a separate repo. Autorun is now deprecated, and any modifications to what Genny tasks should run should happen in the Evergreen Configuration found in the [DSI Repo](https://github.com/10gen/dsi/tree/master/evergreen/system_perf).

Reviewer: Nit: Some wording changes to reduce duplication:

```suggestion
AutoRun was a utility to allow workload authors to determine scheduling of their workloads without having to commit to a separate repo. Autorun is now deprecated, and any modifications regarding which Genny tasks to run should happen in the Evergreen Configuration found in the [DSI Repo](https://github.com/10gen/dsi/tree/master/evergreen/system_perf).
```

### Configuring AutoRun

!!! warning AutoRun in Genny is deprecated and no longer used

    AutoRun is no longer available in Genny.
    This documentation is kept for historical purposes only.

>     

Reviewer 2: Let's use [caution blocks](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925) here that should be harder to miss.

Author: @SimonEismann This is the way to do admonitions in the Pine devprod docs, so it will be more visible there.

Reviewer 2: Pine also supports notes now:
https://docs.devprod.prod.corp.mongodb.com/performance/profiling_workflow/#heap-profiling-heaptrack
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0ae977f0-eef8-492b-a60a-bfa074dd2aad)

But I can see just doing the thing that looks good in Pine as well.

Author: 😱
